[FAU-416] Allow reordering of filters in shortcode (#26)
RRZE-Webteam/FAU-Studium-Embed: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Enabled filter reordering based on the `filters` attribute.

Reviewer: The changelog will probably be read by rather non-technical users, so let's try to be as understandable as possible.
```suggestion
- Support filter reordering based on the `filters` attribute in the search shortcode.
```
(Admittedly, "indexed for searching" in #27 is not the best example for an untechnical changelog item. 😬 🙈)
